From the result of expanding markets around the world,
supply chains have grown and continue to change.
As a result, it has become even more important to be
competitive and manage supplies effectively.
To accomplish this, supply chain professionals should have
professional educational training.
Education will help train new staff, update current staff
on changes to the field, and help senior staff maintain
skills to continue to effectively manage inventory.
The VAAASCM school offers professional courses in supply
chain management.
These developmental courses can help address challenges
of managing a supply chain on a daily basis for
supply chain staff.